Add the saltext history, describe the module extraction process (#1)
lkubb/saltext-copier: docs/ref/concepts.md

* In July 2022, Tom Hatch submitted a [SEP](https://github.com/saltstack/salt-enhancement-proposals/blob/24660626d9fe26953cd4581be0804ddfd0ceeb90/extention-migration.md) to migrate lots of built-in modules to extensions.
* In October 2023, a [project board](https://github.com/orgs/salt-extensions/projects/5/views/1) was created to track the migration process
* After the Broadcom event, the push really came to shove, and it was said that there [won't be any deprecation period](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CubGR8rTy3Y&t=245s).
* In January 2024, the [list of modules to be extracted](https://github.com/saltstack/great-module-migration) was opened for comments. Take your time to read it.
* The modules are being migrated into the [salt-extensions](https://github.com/salt-extensions) community org.
* In February 2024, the [great module purge PR](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/pull/65971) was created.
* In April 2024, the great module purge PR was merged, making 3008 the target release.

The main reasons for such a drastic change are:

> 1. Reduce the amount of efforts required to maintain Salt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reduce the amount of effort required to maintain Salt.
```

2. Bulk deprecate modules that are no longer used, maintained, or relevant.
3. Release modules independent of Salt versions – decoupling the extension module release cycle from Salt allows for more up-to-date plugins and better backporting. For extensions that are pure Python, only a single artifact will need to be released, rather than dozens per release.
4. Release platform specific versions of Salt that are smaller and more efficient.
5. Speed up PR merges and reviews through faster tests and a smaller core code base.

The modules are split into three categories:

1. Core modules - will be kept inside the main Salt codebase, and development will be tied to the Salt release cycle.
2. Supported modules (extended core) - will be moved to their own repositories within the SaltStack Github organization where they can be maintained separately from the Salt codebase.
3. Community modules - will be deprecated from the Salt Core codebase and community members will be able to continue independent maintainership if they are interested. The community modules can be hosted either in the community run Salt Extensions Github organization, or in individual or corporate source control systems.

> So, if you use any of the removed modules, consider becoming a maintainer or a contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In conclusion, this migration represents a shift in how Salt is maintained and developed. It opens the door for users and organizations to have a direct impact on the tools they rely on. If you use any of the modules categorized as community modules, their future depends on people like you. By becoming a maintainer or contributor, you can ensure that the modules you depend on continue to thrive and evolve.
```

suggestion: I'd like to make this call-to-action more impactful. Full disclosure, I wrote a draft and ran it through an LLM, this is the (adjusted) result. Do you think it's over the top?

Author: No, you captured the spirit of it just right! I just had no time to write a more compelling paragraph :)
